---
title: Digest April 2021
author: Edwin Wenink
date: 2021-04-01
tags: ['digest']
---

"Make Worry For Me" is another great collaboration of Matt Sweeney & Bonnie 'Prince' Billy.
The video clip matches the music: both have their signature weirdness.
Their new album is dropping tomorrow, the 30th of April!

{{< youtube weF8pfFnCK8 >}}

Ok, ok! Top 40 isn't always bad.

{{< youtube adLGHcj_fmA >}}

<br>
This is a quite remarkable collaboration: Paul McCartney and Khruangbin!
I wasn't familiar with the original McCartney song and don't really care for it.
In typical Kruanghbin songs I love the melodic guitar, but this one is instead very much driven by the bass, so make sure to crank it up:

{{< youtube K-sjSobYNag >}}

Bluesy and soulful. 
This song has been on repeat this month!

{{< youtube xWNJJx5OHFE >}}

I haven't listened to Bushman's Revenge in years and rediscovered it last month.
Jazz meets fuzz in the following track.
Also give a song like "Tinnitus Love Poem" some love on your streaming service. 
It's not on Youtube and to my surprise only has 8k streams.

{{< youtube 6e-P1eFq1T0 >}}

This one is a bit longer, but it's worth the listen.
Around the same time that I listened to Bushman's Revenge, I was really into this.
Pure musicianship and an amazing groove.

{{< youtube aqYac8gFQNs >}}

Thanks to [Alex](https://www.alextes.me/) for this tip.
I'm a sucker for Eastern music in a Western jacket!

{{< youtube PP2hWvVyyUM >}}

Thick bass in this celebration of a degenerate lifestyle:

{{< youtube vzWds5gWS6c >}}

Can't help myself ending on a calmer note, with another collaboration between Matt Sweeney & Bonnie Prince Billy.
The corresponding clip is beautifully melancholic.

{{< youtube LG6l7YB-bok >}}
